CODE
Favourite functionality - ability to add/delete various objects (sits, comments, blog posts, forum posts etc)
Follow/following functionality
Tag functionality
Pagination for sits, comments etc.
Add website field to users model & form to edit profile page

Sit teaser
- keep jquery div clickthru but make body only clickable w/ other links still going to their respective pages (make .sit-link display: none in the relevant div)
New sit: 
ADD SIT
- optional title for sits? (have it there & auto filled out with date and duration unless you start typing in it?)
-Basic lightweight rich text editor:
preserve new lines
headings
links
bold
italic
block quotes
possibility of adding custom functionality i.e. linking to other users, & previous sit reports
- Date to add old sits
- Add tags

Add blog
How to add markers?
Research group and forums
- https://github.com/gitt/forum_monster
- write your own!

FEATURES
- Tags: add ‘A&P’ tag to your sit, or 'vipassana' or 'retreat'. view all sits you’ve also tagged ‘A&P’, and potentially search the entire site for practitioners who have tagged a certain sit ‘A&P’. also 
- Individual glossary, with rollovers on defined terms.
- Ability to quick link to previous sits/articles in a new sit/article. Just my sits or others as well?

Group forums

Group types: Hidden (only members can see it), Closed (everyone can see it, but users must manually be added), Open (anyone can join), and Request (users can request to be added by the Group Leader).

Read/unread for each user & thread - you can keep a separate database table to keep a record for every topic X every user if the user has read it (no record if the user hasn't), and then automatically assume after 30 days that the topic is read, which allows you to prune this table to prevent overgrowth. Keeping a separate table like this is pretty standard practice, and unless this forum is super popular (always plan for popularity I guess), I doubt you'll run into space or CPU limits.

For example, table topics_read has fields user_id, topic_id, and when. Storing two ints and a date is only a few bytes for each row.

Thread vs response/post
Same type, top level thread just has parent_id of null

Multiple forums?
i.e. different forums within each group page (i.e. Meetups, Introductions, Technical)
Simple StackOverflow interface.
